hey YouTube mr. ant pro here again and
I've got another video this is on the
bear and son cutlery knives I got these
long ago and I just wanted to make a
video on I just thought they were pretty
cool made in the US Jacksonville Alabama
so that's pretty neat they do give you
this little pamphlet here too with a
couple of different models and all that
stuff they're really got quite a few
impressive models here and it opens up a
lot bigger and all that stuff but I'll
save y'all a hassle of that just really
nice little literature you can have with
it these here are the stock mints
excluding this one so I'll move it off
for a second
this here is the stag and a nice little
folder this would be a little Sunday
morning pocketknife little itty pin
blade first was a clue there's a sheep
really small compact you can see it
fitting in the hand right there and
let's see compared to because it's
sitting on my table mini group Tilian no
no that's not remotely the same
comparison but that's just what happens
to be sitting here right now as you can
see right there
insane size wise thickness this does is
a stockman so it does have the three
blades on it same but just a nice little
bitty knife little gents folder pretty
cool this is really just for the
collection didn't really plan on using
it too much but you know if they do a
little Sunday morning trip to church or
something like that and do you need a
little blade
I might toss it in there and though it's
not really collector grade but you know
whatever my collection so that's how
that works and then we also have the
large document in the same handle
material a large clip point blade tang
says bear mgc USA I can't remember what
the difference was when the bear and
Sons mgc thing but there's a blade and
your sheeps pretty cool a nice average
size folder I'll put it up next to the
book 371 weights just so you can see and
quite a different stall in the clip
blades too you can notice you know this
is the Chinese made model of the buck so
I wanted something I can carry around
with me u.s. made some what to take out
and kind of show people you know in the
ninth circle it isn't very popular or
something like that you know hey look
check out what I got you know kind of
thing and that's pretty much wild be
carrying this one here it's the same
thing just to replace the buck 371 in
the daily lineup with blades but you can
see same thing just different handle
material and you can see I really like
how the stag does it
goes out and this would fly all the way
down but it's that kind of goes out it
makes a really nice handle and as far as
I know it's real bottom imitation or
anything like that so that's cool and I
think they said a high-carbon stainless
steel I don't know what type but pretty
neat
go ahead and put the miniature there too
and these were all fairly cheap these
roll I think we're looking at maybe 30
35 and maybe 29 something like that 25
maybe I don't remember I think I got
them off the Amazon you probably found
them cheaper than that I'll take this up
to I think this was like maybe I think
that was 14 and this was maybe 10 and I
just a single blade folder slipped away
made by the Baron so got the same bear
MGC blade stamp dirt angst am sorry not
very sharp but which is something that I
kind of ticks me off you know you go out
of your way you buy something and then
some very short meeting there is 10
bucks I mean the case my football for 10
bucks it was sharp so why couldn't this
be sharp the Gerber that I bought for
less than 10 bucks it was sharp when I
got it yeah this one not very sharp at
all but it is what it is a cool little
single blade clipped blade folder just
for the same thing this is a really
lightweight too you could toss this in
your pocket and use it or take it out if
you needed something you know this will
kind of take the place of one of those
smaller folders that would have just
for your dish for every day little tip
you know if you'd like to have I think
I've said that in other videos I would
like to have a sharp point on at least
one of my blades I've been carrying a
sod-buster and then the mini group Tilly
in him may be a leak every once in a
while and this buck you know in the leak
in the buck just to try to get that
sharp point out there and there's a
little case knife that many black
ornament carrying just to have a point
with me I like having that there's an
option with my blades that Leatherman
really the blade on that Leatherman
scrap so yeah not a bad little blade so
that's the line up there of the
Stockman's anyways so I don't know
they're out there like hopefully uh
hopefully have an appreciation of the
slip-joint much like myself there's a
lot of history and a lot to be had with
it so I don't know something just
strikes my fancy so good luck to you
happy blade huntin and I thanks for
watching